Overview of this project:
This project trains and deploys two neural networks that make short-term forecasts for a large set of stocks. These forecasts are then used in automatically buying and selling stocks intraday.
The flowchart.png image outlines the flow of data. There are two columns in the flowchart, and two corresponding subfolders. Each subfolder contains all python files from its respective column in the flowchart.
The training subfolder contains all code necessary to train the two neural networks (models). The files are to be ran one at a time. The result of this process is two .pth files that contain the weights of each model.
The inference subfolder contains all code necessary to deploy the two models in automatic day trading. Live data is fetched using the Alpaca API, and buy/sell orders are placed in connection to an Alpaca brokerage account. You will want to put the API keys for your brokerage account in the .env folder.
To use this program, you first will need to go through the process of training your own two models. This is done by following the flow chart. Once you are satisfied with the performance of your models, and wish to deploy them for real trading, you only need to run two scripts each day. This can be scheduled automatically on your computer.
The first one is run_pipeline.py, which orchestrates the retrieval and processing of stock market data, and the second one is trade.py which will handle the actual day trading.
You should schedule the aforementioned programs to begin before the stock market opens. They will terminate automatically when trading for the day completes. The performance of the trading algorithm will be logged to the performance subfolder, which can be found in the data subfolder.
The data subfolder will hold all of the data files that will be handled by run_pipeline.py.



Note added 5/16: This right here might be a good way to continously update the portfolio based on the forecasts:
https://claude.ai/share/90d1f701-f833-4f77-b424-566a39fb3ecb

5/17: if the set of all forecasts is the vector a, instead of making your holdings at time t whatever a says is best, make it an ewma of a starting at a_t and then a_{t-1}, a{t-2}, ... a{t-n} or do whatever claude says in portfolio allocation.txt